# Maturaproject
The CSAcademy.ch website originated from a Maturaproject at the Cantonal School Baden. The background to this is that in the school year 2016/2017 a scientifically oriented computer science education was introduced as a compulsory subject. As a compulsory subject, the computer science education at the Cantonal Schools in Aargau is unique in Switzerland in terms of content and endowment. It probably comes from there that many students have problems to get along in the class, so the subject can literally become a torment.
However, thanks to CSAcademy.ch, this should be changed, as students who are having problems with the tuition rate can learn comfortably and in their own learning rhythm on the website. The website does not only offer courses for students with difficulties, but also for those who are under-challenged. In the chapter of algorithms, these students can delve into exciting and very difficult algorithms. Thanks to the animations, the intelligibility is of these is improved. However, you can also devote yourself to very difficult tasks in the programming part and, for example, create a program which simulates our solar system.
The developers of the website are three students from the Cantonal School Baden. Dominic Wüst, Dominic Wolf and Daniel Isler all attended the Cantonal School Baden when the computer science education was introduced. They have also spent much of their free time with computer science and now attend the supplementary subject together.
